W-22163321 remove tutorial and fix gaps (#624)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials.adoc

= Tutorials
:page-deployment-options: cloud-ide, desktop-ide
:page-aliases: user-guide.adoc, tut-af-amflights-overview.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"] 

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
// include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

> Learn how to design, implement, integrate, and deploy APIs with Anypoint Code Builder. Work through these numbered product topics to move from API specification design to a deployed Mule application. For end-to-end walkthroughs that focus on one scenario each, see <<hands-on-tutorials,Hands-On Tutorials>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to design, implement, integrate, and deploy APIs with Anypoint Code Builder. Work through this series of lessons to move from API specification design to a deployed Mule application. For end-to-end walkthroughs that focus on one scenario each, see <<hands-on-tutorials,Hands-On Tutorials>>.
```

[[modular-learning-paths]]
== Take Your API Specification from Design Through Deployment

> The following topics guide you step by step from API specification design in the IDE to publishing the contract on Anypoint Exchange, building and configuring integration flows, importing and scaffolding the API into a Mule interface, and deploying the application to CloudHub or CloudHub 2.0.

Reviewer: Rather than calling these topics and to avoid the excessively long sentence that's hard to parse, I suggest the following (with a little help from NB LM): 

Learn how to design your API specification in the IDE and publish the contract to Anypoint Exchange. Next, build your integration flows and scaffold the API into a Mule interface. Finally, deploy your application to CloudHub or CloudHub 2.0."

. xref:des-designing-api-specs.adoc[Designing API Specs and Fragments] for supported languages and the overall design workflow.
. xref:des-create-api-specs.adoc[Creating and Importing API Specifications], including the API Console and mocking service.
. Optionally xref:des-create-api-fragments.adoc[Creating and Using API Spec Fragments] for reusable types and examples from Anypoint Exchange.
. xref:des-publish-api-spec-to-exchange.adoc[Publishing API Projects to Exchange] so your team can discover and implement the contract.
. xref:int-create-integrations.adoc[Creating Integrations] and xref:int-configure-components.adoc[Configuring Components] in your flows.
. xref:int-configure-dw-expressions.adoc[Using DataWeave Expressions and Transformations] to map, reshape, or validate data between connectors, processors, and your API layer.
. xref:imp-implement-api-specs.adoc[Implementing OAS, RAML, AsyncAPI, and GraphQL APIs]
+

> Import your API specification from Exchange, scaffold it into an interface in your project, then wire flows to your implementation.

Reviewer: I'm a little confused on which step this sentence goes with as I read through. Is this for the step above it or below it? Or is it an intermediate step between the two? Is there a way to write this so that it's more clear? Or is it best to keep these details in the content you link to? That way, you're future-proofing it in case the steps change in future.
